iPhone 15 brings you Dynamic Island, a 48MP Main camera, and USB-C—all in a durable color-infused glass and aluminum design







DYNAMIC ISLAND COMES TO IPHONE 15 — Dynamic Island bubbles up alerts and Live Activities — so you don’t miss them while you’re doing something else. You can see who’s calling, track your next ride, check your flight status, and so much more.

INNOVATIVE DESIGN — iPhone 15 features a durable color-infused glass and aluminum design. It’s splash, water, and dust resistant.¹ The Ceramic Shield front is tougher than any smartphone glass. And the 6.1" Super Retina XDR display² is up to 2x brighter in the sun compared to iPhone 14.

48MP MAIN CAMERA WITH 2X TELEPHOTO — The 48MP Main camera shoots in super high-resolution. So it’s easier than ever to take standout photos with amazing detail. The 2x optical-quality Telephoto lets you frame the perfect close-up.

NEXT-GENERATION PORTRAITS — Capture portraits with dramatically more detail and color. Just tap to shift the focus between subjects — even after you take the shot.

POWERHOUSE A16 BIONIC CHIP — The superfast chip powers advanced features like computational photography, fluid Dynamic Island transitions, and Voice Isolation for phone calls. And A16 Bionic is incredibly efficient to help deliver great all-day battery life.³

USB-C CONNECTIVITY — The USB-C connector lets you charge your Mac or iPad with the same cable you use to charge iPhone 15. You can even use iPhone 15 to charge Apple Watch or AirPods.

VITAL SAFETY FEATURES — If your car breaks down when you’re off the grid, you can get help with Roadside Assistance via satellite.⁴ And if you need emergency services and you don’t have cell service or Wi-Fi, you can use Emergency SOS via satellite.⁴

With Crash Detection, iPhone can detect a severe car crash and call for help if you can’t.⁵

DESIGNED TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE — iPhone comes with privacy protections that help keep you in control of your data. It’s made from more recycled materials to minimize environmental impact. And it has built-in features that make iPhone more accessible to all.

COMES WITH APPLECARE WARRANTY — Every iPhone comes with a one-year limited warranty and up to 90 days of complimentary technical support. Get AppleCare+ or AppleCare+ with Theft and Loss to extend your coverage.

¹iPhone 15, iPhone 15 Plus, iPhone 15 Pro, and iPhone 15 Pro Max are splash, water, and dust resistant and were tested under controlled laboratory conditions with a rating of IP68 under IEC standard 60529 (maximum depth of 6 meters up to 30 minutes).

Splash, water, and dust resistance are not permanent conditions. Resistance might decrease as a result of normal wear. Do not attempt to charge a wet iPhone; refer to the user guide for cleaning and drying instructions. Liquid damage not covered under warranty.

²The display has rounded corners. When measured as a standard rectangle, the screen is 6.12 inches (iPhone 15 Pro, iPhone 15) or 6.69 inches (iPhone 15 Pro Max, iPhone 15 Plus) diagonally. Actual viewable area is less.

³Battery life varies by use and configuration; see apple.com/batteries for more information.

⁴Service is included for free for two years with the activation of any iPhone 15 model. Connection and response times vary based on location, site conditions, and other factors. See support.apple.com/kb/HT213885 for more information.

⁵iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Pro can detect a severe car crash and call for help. Requires a cellular connection or Wi-Fi Calling.